hey it's Stu from Evolution Unleashed
today we're talking entrepreneurship and
AI we're going to look at some of the
ways that we can accelerate our
entrepreneurial journey and give us a
much better chance for Success using Ai
and I have a demo that is going to blow
your mind but before we get there let's
have a quick discussion around where the
AI era is at what it means for
entrepreneurs and what we're up against
in the market now a lot of people hate
and despise
AI I tell you from Fear it's gonna take
out jobs through to destroy the world
and collapse
society and then there's the other Camp
which is it was trained on our data
without our permission it's stolen all
our stuff and now hacks can come along
and make art and music uh taking away
our special creative um skill set
and there's a lot of resentment and
anger and anti- aai sentiment now I'm
not here to talk about the pros and cons
of those okay at the end of the day many
people smarter than me are having that
discussion and they're having it loudly
because it's all you hear when it comes
to AI I want to talk about the positive
side of the coin and that's the
explosion of value the ability to be a
hundred times more productive than we
are now and that's going to create an
explosion of value an explosion of new
prod products and explosion of
content and that is going to create new
opportunities new jobs and stuff like
that
now humans are slow to adapt humans
don't like change I get that there's a
lot of anti- aai sentiment but today
we're focusing on how to use AI to move
ourselves forward and to take advantage
of these tools without letting all that
noise sort of distract us from the power
literally sitting at our fingertips I'm
going to show you something this is
honestly I can't believe we are able to
build this let me show you what I'm
talking about so here we are chat GPT
plus we're going to upload a little
document so let's just run to my desktop
real quick there's so much on there
we're going to grab the math 2 to date
this is our marketing accelerator
framework we're just finalizing version
two this massive upgrade where we create
aligned content at scale in the most
easy way you could imagine and this is
where as an entrepreneur you need to be
aware of what's possible in AI right now
because if you've been listening to the
noise and the naysayers you're missing
the opportunity you're missing the
utility and the value that can be
created using these amazing tools let me
show you what we're talking about now
we're launching math version 2 in the
next 3 or 4 days it's an upgrade from
our original math marketing acceler a
framework basically it makes all your
marketing headaches go away and allows
you to create content at scale perfectly
aligned to your target market perfectly
align to your brand voice your visual
identity the gaps in the market the
market trends the AI can pull all these
things together synthesize and create
very aligned marketing and content at
scale and we don't need to know how to
do any of that we don't even need to
know how to prompt let me show you let's
say I want to do a promotional campaign
and I want to do a LinkedIn article I
want to do a Facebook post I'm going to
need an image for the Facebook post I'm
going to need an image for the LinkedIn
and I want to check an email out to our
database to let them know it's nearly
finished and it's ready so let's show
you Marketing in the AI era for
entrepreneurs and business owners
because this is their future and their
future is now my goodness I'm so excited
so these are my private custom gpts
first we're going to use my Facebook I
just use the at Key like in the email
the at it's now calls up your custom
gpts uh please I'm so polite to AI um
please create a Facebook post that is
short Punchy and fun that tells people
how math
V2 can solve all their content
creation headaches
but do it in a short post no more than
let's say uh 200 well that's too much
100 words okay and I hit the enter
button and it's going to
the Facebook post generator which has
all of my data that's trained this is
what math 2 does it takes all of your
data about all these points that we
talked about your target market personas
the journey that they go on so every
piece of content you create at scale
like this super fast has a purpose it's
actually moving people along the
customer Journey which makes
entrepreneurship that much easier when
you don't have to worry about creating
content that resonates with your Market
whoa wave goodbye to content creation
nightmares struggling within this hours
crafting the perfect content okay great
now um I want an image for that so we'll
call up my favorite image generator my
cute how I inspired please create me and
I'll say a simple but fun image for this
post with no
words and now it's calling up a new
custom GPT trained on my visual
identity uh what resonates with my
target market okay this is the car one I
use more fun playful images on social
media than I would say in an email or on
a LinkedIn article and I'll show you
what I mean in a moment but this is the
future of content creation how on Earth
are you going to compete with this if
you're not using AI if you're a hater if
you're a no I refuse to use AI how you
going to compete The Edge that we have
over those people is just GNA grow and
be massive and voila you're a superhero
we won't worry about the copyright there
darly and what do you know math version
too it's sort of let me zoom out a bit
so you can see it fully there's our
image so now we've got a Facebook post
and an image but that's not enough so
Zoom back in and let's call up my email
generator and now write a
powerful
email very short talking about the
imminent or upcoming launch of MAF V2
and offer a special price of
197 goes to 997 when it launches math 2
is an upgrade on our original math which
was very manual base you had to cut
paast prompts all the time we've removed
all of that and made it fully automated
content creation has never ever been
this easy it's literally paint by
numbers I mean I don't need to know how
to prompt I just have to say what I want
hey write me an email boom exclusive
pre-launch offer secure math to it a
once in a lifetime time
price and look it's even put a link for
me there's my email wow but you know I
have LinkedIn so we're going to call up
my LinkedIn
stot G have some fun with these names
now write me an article about how MAF V2
helps
entrepreneurs break through the barriers
holding them back from success be
nuanced detailed and cover um objections
they might have with the goal of the
article to
um to have them try it
out
okay I didn't have to write an article
now this bot is trained to be SEO
optimized so it's going to automatically
optimize this for SEO and it's going to
write in this voice that I've already
programmed it and this is what math 2
does we create all that data just using
cut and paste prompts we feed it into a
template and upload it as a custom GPT
very easy and you do that for each
custom GPT it's literally paint by
numbers and then you can just call it up
and it's all every custom GPT is trained
on the same data it knows your customer
better than you'll ever know them knows
what gets them out of bed knows what
makes them want to say yes and nurtures
them moves them through it creates
entertaining not just selling stuff oh
it is so much fun and look at this we're
getting a very cool
article which would be great if you're
an affiliate market for example and you
wanted to have uh a landing copy for or
an article for your um you know blog
post to drive
Affiliates okay it's finished now I want
an I want an image for that but my cute
C image generators not really the one I
want so I'm going to call up a different
custom GPT my social media instant
generator and create a LinkedIn post
that represents an
entrepreneur
breaking through and finding success
make it powerful so I'm just saying what
I want this isn't prompt engineering
here this is really just saying what you
want the custom GPT can do everything
it's already all trained on all data in
the background so every piece of content
will always be aligned we'll always have
a purpose and we always speak to one
part of your persona's customer Journey
so we want uh create a LinkedIn image
that should
be we'll go 16
by9 make it
powerful
uncluttered
and let's say
eye-catching
okay and now it calls up a different
image generator trained on a different
style mix that'll be more appropriate
for LinkedIn and in the space of this
video and you're watching this I've
created let's go we've created we'll
come back to that image we created a
Facebook
post there it is we created an image for
our Facebook post we created an
email
we created an LinkedIn
article and we created a LinkedIn
image and whatever it going to give us
not too bad very LinkedIn suitable
breakthrough powerful in regenerate if
you don't like it but folks look how
easy it is to create content with
alignment and purpose at scale if you're
an entrepreneur and you're not using AI
you're missing out you are going going
to absolutely get left behind AI can do
more than what I've just showed you it
can align to the way you think the way
you wired your strengths your natural
intuitions and create a path or a
business strategy if you like that's
going to help you again break through
those barriers that hold you back the
things that we are working with in AI
will absolutely blow your mind our our
lab where we cook up some of these crazy
use cases the stuff we're playing with
no one else is talking about these
things or very few and the conversation
around AI is so dominated by naysayers
and negatives and we're all focusing on
the wrong things but for those of you
that are non-technical don't know a lot
about AI find it a bit overwhelming let
me tell you it's way easier than you'd
think and it's going to give you such an
advantage especially in the early days
every day you wait that Advantage is
going to get smaller as more people
start coming in and doing this stuff
now is the time folks what I'm all about
here is just showing you what is
possible with AI not just for Business
and Entrepreneurship but in your
personal walks in terms of breaking
through maybe your health barriers your
Fitness barriers whatever it is you want
to learn new stuff career relationships
AI can give you strategy it can give you
practical outputs it can give you
value and driving it isn't as hard as
you'd think like math V2 we do all the
heavy lifting so you get to take
advantage of all our experience and
expertise and marketing knowledge that's
baked into it plus the power of AI to do
all that heavy alignment stuff that for
humans is very very hard you need an
army of McKenzie level marketing experts
to do that folks you have at your
fingertips a transformational tool that
can power your transformation your
entrepreneurial Journey so so subscribe
please that will help you make sure you
see more of these videos we've got a new
series coming up that we're going to
live stream here on YouTube and in our
Facebook Community the Unleashed where
we're going to look at side hustles and
we're going to actually break down a
side hustle into actionable strategy and
everyone who attends will be able to get
that and go out and Chase that
opportunity this isn't fluff this is how
we leverage AI right now to improve our
situations whatever that Improvement
looks like in your language folks we
have an incredible opportunity I'd
encourage you not to get distracted by
the noise and the negativity and instead
focus on how you can use these tools for
your own gain if you like and that
sounds a bit more selfish what I mean is
to give you an edge to help you be more
competitive to help you in your career
doesn't matter they're even using AI to
help soccer teams optimize Corner
kicking you know the end of the day AI
can do more than you realize and I'm
hopefully showing you what's possible if
you're interested in math 2 Link down in
the description and that's it for today
folks appreciate you watching we'll see
you in the next one peace